.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH HPTSQFIX 1 2022-01-25 Husky "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.\"
.\" Modified 2022-01-25 by Michael Dukelsky 2:5020/1042
.\"
.SH NAME
.BR hptsqfix
\- a program to fix errors in squish message bases.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hptsqfix
.RI [ options ]
areafilename ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B hptsqfix
is a program that finds and corrects errors in squish message bases.
It reads a broken message base file
.I <areafilename>.sqd
and builds two new message base files:
.I <areafilename>.tmd
and
.I <areafilename>.tmi.

After repair you have to backup the old
.I <areafilename>.sq*
files and rename
.I <areafilename>.tm*
to
.I <areafilename>.sq*

The repaired message base does not contain any message links. Therefore,
you should use `hpt link` or `hptlink` if you want your message base to be linked.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f
try to find the following header after a broken msg.
.TP
.B \-e
the area filename has an extension, strip it.
.TP
.B \-u
undelete (restore deleted messages).
.TP
.B \-s
sort messages by date written.
.SH NOTES
All Husky software is written by various developers.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Pavel Andreew <pavel@collage.etel.ru>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others). The manual
page was modified by Michael Dukelsky 2:5020/1042.
